Note for BinarySerializable (#814)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/nunit/writing-tests/constraints/BinarySerializableConstraint.md

## See also

* [XmlSerializableConstraint](XmlSerializableConstraint.md)

> ## Note
> Binary Serialization is no longer supported in .NET 8 due to security concerns, from Nunit4 this constraint is being removed.
> https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/serialization/8.0/binaryformatter-disabled
> https://learn.microsoft.com/en-au/dotnet/standard/serialization/binaryformatter-security-guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Binary Serialization is no longer supported in .NET 8 due to security concerns. From NUnit 4.x onward, this constraint is not available. More information can be found in these Microsoft Learn articles [on BinaryFormatter's removal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/serialization/8.0/binaryformatter-disabled) and [on the BinaryFormatter security guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-au/dotnet/standard/serialization/binaryformatter-security-guide)

```

Minor tweaks to formatting & language
